Admin session administrated by Mohamad - (Sumeet Bajwa):

Here's a list of notes taken from this peer testing session.

The search functionality works as expected
  
  Tags properly change color when activated
  Dropdown list functions correctly when a filter is selected
  Searching by name works
  
Primary Issue encountered: participant wanted to book appointments via selecting a healer by clicking their profile.
The profile click does not lead anywhere, so user was a bit confused.
They figured out that it goes through the learn more button.

Participant suggested that clicking the profile should take you to the booking page, rather than the learn more.
Moreover, user said that learn more could link to something else about the healer or their services, rather than the booking page.

Verification worked properly, user was able to sign up with their email, and they received an email that confirmed their verification, 
which they were able to login using and with no issues.

Problem occurs with the healer sign up, where the user came across a bug (Email already exists).
   
  Fixing this will be a primary focus going on.
   
Otherwise, the participant enjoyed the signup/login experience, said the website was smooth and straightforward, 
and mentioned that the functionality provided is good.
   
Recording link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rN8OD3YSjxIVE-QmtDo6N9jy7Adww6Hj/view?usp=sharing  

Admin session administrated by Mohamad - (Dhruv Bahl):

Here's a list of notes taken from this peer testing session.

Once again, like the other session, user mentioned the search function works properly.
They liked the design of the tags, including the color change.

They mentioned the aesthetics of the map and how it looks good.

Primary issue was the book appointment task, where user clicked the profile expecting to be directed to the page.

They suggested that clicking the profile takes you to that page, and learn more is not necessary, or does something else.

They liked the design and the color scheme.

Recording link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QJUsxXz55TXCRL-BNha09JjboTwOY5YF/view?usp=sharing
